0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    A:  an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust
1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    A:  returns resource usage measures for who
2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    A:  16
3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their
   contents?
    A: because passing large structs by value is slow and takes up a lot of memory
4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words,
   convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    A:  In the c = fgetc(fp) function call, fgetc gets the next character (an unsigned char) from fp and advances the position
        indicator in fp until the end of the file (EOF) is reached. As each character is received, it is put through the sequence:
        1) If the character is an alphabetical character or an apostrophe that is at an index greater than 0 of the word,
        the character is appended to the word array; 2) else if the character is numerical, the word is ignored and we skip ahead
        to the next word, which is found after a space; 3) else if we hit a space or punctuation, we must have found a whole word,
        so we terminate the word by adding \0 to the word array.
5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like
   "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    A:  Using fscanf with a format string like "%s" will read subsequent characters until a whitespace is found. Because words
        within the txt files sometimes end with punctuation, fscanf will view them as being part of the word, which complicates the
        reading procedure. In addition, if a longer string than expected was read using fscanf, we could overwrite important data
        in memory or cause a segmentation fault.
6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    A:  to prevent changes to a read word and the dictionary we are using